[Music]
hello
welcome back to another video i hope you
are having a lovely day so far
basically mason and i have just arrived
in
ibiza today and i'm just getting ready
to go out this evening it's quite late
actually it's already about half eight
so i'm just trying to move to test
i realize i haven't even mentioned like
it was pretty last minute that we
decided to go
to come here because obviously we were
over in like an hour from out of county
and then we just took um like a boat we
took the car
like over here with us which was only i
think it was three
three three hours three hours thirty
minutes or something uh
so we got up at literally like four a.m
this morning i
did not sleep i winked last night and
she really unlike me
so i had that coffee at five o'clock
yesterday biggest mistake of my life
because honestly i think i got about
like
one hour's sleep last night but yeah
today we
just got here drove um like drove around
mason's never actually been to our beefa
and the last time i was here it was when
i just turned
80 like literally i flew out here on my
18th birthday with some friends
so yeah i'm excited to be back but
obviously it's completely different
because
of everything going on at the moment
like it's not busy
at all and it's just a completely
different vibe but it's still nice
just to check it out we thought whilst
we're in spain it would be really nice
to come on over
so yeah we're going into our old town
tonight which i'm really excited for i'm
quite hungry now actually as well
all right let me finish getting ready
i've just flung
my hair up i just couldn't i didn't want
to bother like trying to curl it and
stuff
so i'm pretty much ready and i'm just
going to spray some perfume and brush my
teeth
so we're looking at a bit different
colors like multicolors my neck is so
white and then my chest is darker
faces i don't even know what i haven't
been putting my face in the sunlight
at all so that's probably why i've got
this but yeah
[Music]
so i've got literally the most
beautiful frozen yolk chocolate sauce
white chocolate and a biscuit crumbles
amazing spot we've got the exact same
medium
yeah it's 20 25 past
11. that was such a good find i'm so
glad we came here like
it completely exceeded all expectations
it's really really nice and
loads of restaurants and we saw two that
i already definitely want to give a try
it's had a lovely time really frozen
yogurt to finish
that honestly remember they thought it
was literally three minutes from like
where we were sat
so i deal so yeah we're just gonna drive
back now it's about
20 minutes from here and we're actually
changing hotels tomorrow
to like the rest of our stay so
that's all to report for now i'm
actually so tired now
not as tired as i expected though
considering i really didn't sleep at all
last night
so hopefully i'll sleep well so we
just got back to the hotel room and
wow the excitement seeing this bed
and just thinking about climbing into it
is ridiculous right now
so i'm just going to take my makeup off
get into this it's actually it's like
two singles pushed together
seemed a bit different tonight i'm
sleeping on the wrong side tonight
mason's forcing me to sleep on
i like sleeping on the left side but
tonight he's forcing me on the right let
me just show you the bed real quick
so yeah it's one of those you know i
mean it like pushed two
singles together but i'm not mad about
it you know like it's just something a
bit different i'm really open
for mixing stuff up we are that suitcase
over there peeping in i haven't unpacked
a single thing because we're going into
more moving rooms rooms moving hotels
tomorrow
i'll catch you in the morning
good morning so i
am just about to head down to the gym
and i've got some pre-workout here this
is pineapple flavor or
full-blown imagine in this gym where
mason's already
just gone down there that's a plan and
then we're gonna go for breakfast
afterwards i haven't been on this train
like
[Applause]
[Music]
today
so we just checked in to the new hotel
we just drove over and we've moved so
we're in right in the center of playa de
andre
which looks really nice i love the
beaches around here i always get loads
of home inspo
from bathrooms and holiday and stuff
actually
so lovely circle mirror and a shower
here toilet down there
apparently you see this mirror actually
massive knife a long length mirror we
love a bit of that
and then through here is
this gorgeous bed what i've already
noticed straight away is
how thin the pillows look which is my
absolute favorite i hate like massive
pillows they're kind of like bolster
ones and then out here is a little
balcony and the pool is just there
so we're just gonna unpack um
we did a workout like i did a back
workout obviously i'm showing you that
earlier on in the video
um i can't tell you how much better i
feel like
we didn't weight train yesterday and we
just got like steps instead but i
absolutely love
strength training more than anything and
i honestly feel
full of endorphins today so i really
think
for me i think it's just found in what
works for you personally but if i'm ever
away
traveling on the go i just end up
feeling so sluggish i haven't really
moved that much
did mention this in the last vlog but um
yeah like today reminded me just
why i enjoy like working out on stuff
like i'm just keeping
like rooty and stuff the same so working
out doing something like moving my body
is definitely
up there everyone as one of the main
things so we're here for the next
four yeah four nights my brother's
actually coming next week
which i'm so grateful about because
we've like missed each other it was just
like bad timing probably need to book
our flight home actually as well
and i cannot wait to see my little
penelope later on but yeah
[Music]
see where the restaurants are hoping and
where this beach is where i'm going to
plant myself for the rest of the
foreseeable future
[Music]
so i'm wearing this cute little bikini
today
um we've just been for a really nice
lunch but um yeah we're just going to
chill out by the pool now
just before i came to the room i've got
these little hang i'll show you
these are like the the room door fob
which is quite handy to do after harry
to carry the key
but um we didn't take note of like what
room number were in so i just ended up
trying like five doors
i then she found this one thank god but
never doing that again i'm just gonna
make sure i ask in the future for the
room number
[Music]
hello so it's been a minute since i last
picked up the camera
we are just on our way out just got
ready so we're driving to
calabasa it's called
like a sushi headed mediterranean
[Music]
yeah we've just come back for another
so just got back to the room and i'm
just gonna do a little
skincare routine take all my makeup off
i had a few messages
from one of my recent vlogs about what
you think
i've been using and it's called illumia
it's absolutely amazing it's like
medical grade so it's a bit stronger
like
this cleanser cleanses your whole entire
soul honestly
you've got to be quite careful if you've
got like sensitive skin as it did bring
me out you got loads of dryness so i
just use the cleanser once a day rather
than twice because otherwise it just
dries me out but
overall it's literally helped my skin
complexion so much i've been using
that spf as well but let me know if you
want to see that my full
new skincare routine because it's
completely changed and hopefully i won't
have to go back on accutane if this
continues working for me and stuff i did
change my pill as well to the
progesterone or anyone i really hope you
enjoyed this little
first kind of holiday more style chilled
out vlog let me know if you would want
to see any more
we might do some more like tasting stuff
in the day so it'd be a bit more
exciting
but yeah that's about it i hope you have
a lovely
day week whatever wherever kind of speak
um and if you haven't already i'd love
you to stick around by subscribing to
my channel and i'll see you in the next
video
also before i forget to mention i had
like a completely utter
moment earlier when i was rushing to get
ready and i was just like
you used to try another clothes on and i
didn't like anything
and you only just having one of those
like don't even know like just clothes
have been
flown like left right and center and i
was like oh my god i have nothing to
wear
when i have got a bunch of clothes with
me i literally just went to the mirror
and i was like oh i'm not late myself
do this because you know sometimes that
that can like i'm sure but it can end up
like ruining
just your whole vibe and just feeling
like oh god you're just
not the one and i just gave myself a bit
of talking too in a reality check and i
was just like
get a grip olivia looked to me and i was
like no this dress is fine
just go with it i just thought i'd
mention that in case anyone ever does
feel like that i feel like it's quite a
female thing
but it's usually all in your head anyway
and picking it like the fine details
there's just no point you know what i
mean
you can't really do anything about it in
that circumstance so
just you know we move